thank year is coming to a close but
these bands are making every week couch
and this week it's our fav British boy
band and girl band duking it out that's
right one direction versus Little Mix
and this one is gonna be a tough call
let the games begin
so before we get started let's announce
a winner from two weeks ago in the
battle between one direction and the
vamps on who has the sunniest Holi we're
interview the winner is one direction
now the vamps were definitely underdogs
but you guys they still had a ton of
votes so I mean really I'd say
everyone's a winner here so let's go
ahead and kick things off with our
reigning champions / winners at life one
direction so the guys had one heck of a
week in fact they made history
midnight memories debuted at number one
on Billboard making one direction the
first lead in history to have their
first three albums all debut at number
one wholly amazing hashtag proud
directioner and you guys the boys don't
just have number one tunes oh no they've
got a number one smell that's right but
one be fragrance of the top in the
holiday sales beating out gaga
britney and nicki minaj's cents yeah
what's that
oh it smells like number one
direction
and now on to our home girls
Little Mix there we can spend not too
shabby they perform their new song move
on The X Factor USA and brought down the
his house
and woohoo I got the chance to chat with
the girls backstage and they proved how
cool they really are by singing in
Japanese yep you heard me right and left
emoji so - can I take a look at nîmes
are many cooks are taken Isaac I surely
meet a kunai anybody's get this the
girls just announced a massive
headlining UK salute tour where they're
performing it basically all the biggest
venues across the pond um I made me to
book a trip to London this spring who's
with me
ding-ding-ding this concludes the week's
battle and now it's time for you to vote
you guys who had the best week was it 1d
or Little Mix go ahead and cast your
votes in the comments section below
and of course I will tell you them up
and announce a winner next week so what
are you waiting for
oh and while you're at it you should
also subscribe to Holly where TV and
like and favorite this video hey I'm
Chelsea Briggs
Ready Set battle it out boy band girl be
in fun facts boy band girl bands on
facts boy band girl bands fun facts yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah Jesse from Little
Mix
is addicted to it's not working but
cracking her knuckles Jesse girl I don't
wanna quit either
it's okay I feel you no judgement here
did you know that our boy Harry Styles
he's so handsome attend to the preschool
called happy days oh happy days
I bet too they sang a lot of happy days
and that's probably where Harry got his
left music I don't know I'm doing my
hands but this is what I think they
would do it happy days preschool